doc(building): Mention ccache to speed-up rebuilds (#10419)
endless-sky/endless-sky: docs/readme-cmake.md

You can use your favorite package manager to install the needed dependencies. If you're using a slower moving distro like Ubuntu or Debian (or any derivatives thereof), make sure to use at least Ubuntu 22.04 LTS or Debian 12.
If your distro does not provide up-to-date version of these libraries, you can use vcpkg to build the necessary libraries from source by passing `-DES_USE_VCPKG=ON`. Older versions of Ubuntu and Debian, for example, will need this. Additional dependencies will likely need to be installed to build the libraries from source as well.

> In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.16 or newer, however 3.21 or newer is strongly recommended. You can get the latest version from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). If you are often switching branches, then you could also consider to install ccache to speed up re-builds after switching branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.16 or newer, however 3.21 or newer is strongly recommended. You can get the latest version from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). If you are often switching branches, then you can also consider installing ccache to speed up rebuilds after switching branches.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.16 or newer, however 3.21 or newer is strongly recommended. You can get the latest version from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). If you are often switching branches, then you could also consider installing [ccache](https://ccache.dev/) to speed up rebuilds after switching branches.
```

> In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.16 or newer, however 3.21 or newer is strongly recommended. You can get the latest version from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). If you are often switching branches, then you could also consider installing [ccache](https://ccache.dev/) to speed up rebuilds after switching branches.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to the below dependencies, you will also need CMake 3.16 or newer, however 3.21 or newer is strongly recommended. You can get the latest version from the [official website](https://cmake.org/download/). If you are often switching branches, then you can also install [ccache](https://ccache.dev/) to speed up rebuilds after switching branches.
```
